README.md, before:

<a href="#"><img width="100%" height="auto" src="https://i.imgur.com/iXuL1HG.png" height="175px"/></a>

<h1 align="center">Hello <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">, I'm Nikhil Rawal !</h1>
<h3 align="center">I'm a full-time creator.</h3>
<h3 align="center">React JS</h3><h3 align="center">MERN</h3>

<br/>

## 🙋🏻‍♂️ - All About Me - 💁🏻‍♂️

- 🤩 Take a look at my latest project **[The Fork](https://the-fork.netlify.app/)**
    - P.S. It's a food delivery application showcasing restaurants using Live API from India's leading **[Swiggy's](https://www.swiggy.com/)** API.
    - 🤫 Still under construction
    - YT on the way

- 💻 Working as React Frontend Developer and Web Designer at **[Incredibles Overseas Consultants](https://incredibles.netlify.app/)**
    - ⌨️ working on - SRS (Student Record System) to make Management of students and files easier #GoDigital

- ☘ I’m also capabale of working with **Full Stack Development - MERN Stack**

- 📎 I’m looking to collaborate on **OpenSource Projects**

- 👨🏻‍💻 Take a glance at **[My Portfolio](https://nikhil-rawal-portfolio.netlify.app/)**
- Next one coming soon...

- 📫 How to reach me **rawal.nikhil29@gmail.com**

- 🎯 Fun fact 1  **I love playing games.**

- 🥘 Fun fact 2  **I am a foodie.**

- 📚 This series changed my views towards Javascript. Must watch [🙏Namaste Javascript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlasXeu85E9cQ32gLCvAvr9vNaUccPVNP)

  <br/> 

## 🚀 My Weapons:

<p align="left"> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/react-native.png" alt="React JS"/> </a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/javascript.png" alt="JavaScript"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/html-5.png" alt="HTML"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/css3.png" alt="CSS"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/redux.png" alt="Redux JS"/> </a>  
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://tailwindcss.com/_next/static/media/tailwindcss-mark.3c5441fc7a190fb1800d4a5c7f07ba4b1345a9c8.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/bootstrap.png" alt="Bootstrap"/> </a> 
  <a style="padding-right:8px;" href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/50/000000/mysql-logo.png" alt="My SQL"/> </a>  
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/git.png" alt="Git"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://sass-lang.com/assets/img/logos/logo.svg" alt="scss" width="43" height="43"alt="SASS"/> </a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Express JS" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<br/>

## 📊 My Github Stats

  <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-stats"><img alt="Nikhil Rawal's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikhil-rawal&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-stats"><img alt="Nikhil Rawal's Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikhil-rawal&langs_count=8&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" /></a>
  <br/>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-streak-stats">
        <img title="🔥 Get streak stats for your profile at git.io/streak-stats" alt="Nikhil Rawal's streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=nikhil-rawal&theme=black-ice&hide_border=true&stroke=0000&background=060A0CD0"/>
    </a>
</p>

<br/>

<!--

<td colspan="2" align="center">
      <details open><summary>For a user or an organization</summary><img src="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.introduction.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>For a repository</summary><img src="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.introduction.repository.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <img width="900" height="1" alt="">
    </td> 
    
    <br/>
    
    <tr>
    <td colspan="2" align="center">
      <details open><summary>PageSpeed scores</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>PageSpeed scores with detailed report</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.detailed.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>PageSpeed scores with a website screenshot</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.screenshot.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <img width="900" height="1" alt="">
    </td>
    
    -->
    
<br/>

## Connect with me:
<p align="left">
<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhil-rawal/"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/48/000000/linkedin.png"/></a>
<a href = "https://www.instagram.com/nnikhil.rrawal/"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/48/000000/instagram-new.png"/></a>
</p>

<br/>

## ❤ Views and Followers
<a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-profile-views-counter">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nikhil-rawal&color=brightgreen&style=flat&label=MY+PROFILE+VIEWS">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal?tab=followers">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/nikhil-rawal?label=MY+GITHUB+FOLLOWERS&style=social&color=blue" alt="GitHub Badge">
</a>

Commit message:

Update README.md with youtube
More things about new project to be added soon...

README.md, after:

<a href="#"><img width="100%" height="auto" src="https://i.imgur.com/iXuL1HG.png" height="175px"/></a>

<h1 align="center">Hello <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">, I'm Nikhil Rawal !</h1>
<h3 align="center">I'm a full-time creator.</h3>
<h3 align="center">React JS</h3><h3 align="center">MERN</h3>

<br/>



## 🙋🏻‍♂️ - All About Me - 💁🏻‍♂️

- 🤩 Take a look at my latest project **[My YouTube Clone](https://n-youtube.netlify.app)** and **[The Fork](https://the-fork.netlify.app/)**

  - YouTube Clone - as name suggests is a youtube clone where I have added most of the youtube functionalities using the **[YouTube Public API](https://developers.google.com/youtube?hl=en)**.
  - I will add more things here... ⏳
 
  - P.S. It's a food delivery application showcasing restaurants using Live API from India's leading **[Swiggy's](https://www.swiggy.com/)** API.
      
- 💻 Working as React Frontend Developer and Web Designer at **[Incredibles Overseas Consultants](https://incredibles.netlify.app/)**
    - ⌨️ working on - SRS (Student Record System) to make Management of students and files easier #GoDigital

- ☘ I’m also capabale of working with **Full Stack Development - MERN Stack**

- 📎 I’m looking to collaborate on **OpenSource Projects**

- 👨🏻‍💻 Take a glance at **[My Portfolio](https://nikhil-rawal-portfolio.netlify.app/)**
- Next one coming soon...

- 📫 How to reach me **rawal.nikhil29@gmail.com**

- 🎯 Fun fact 1  **I love playing games.**

- 🥘 Fun fact 2  **I am a foodie.**

- 📚 This series changed my views towards Javascript. Must watch [🙏Namaste Javascript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlasXeu85E9cQ32gLCvAvr9vNaUccPVNP)

  <br/> 

## 🚀 My Weapons:

<p align="left"> 
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/react-native.png" alt="React JS"/> </a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/javascript.png" alt="JavaScript"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/html-5.png" alt="HTML"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/css3.png" alt="CSS"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/redux.png" alt="Redux JS"/> </a>  
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://tailwindcss.com/_next/static/media/tailwindcss-mark.3c5441fc7a190fb1800d4a5c7f07ba4b1345a9c8.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/bootstrap.png" alt="Bootstrap"/> </a> 
  <a style="padding-right:8px;" href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/50/000000/mysql-logo.png" alt="My SQL"/> </a>  
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/git.png" alt="Git"/> </a> 
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://sass-lang.com/assets/img/logos/logo.svg" alt="scss" width="43" height="43"alt="SASS"/> </a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Express JS" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<br/>

## 📊 My Github Stats

  <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-stats"><img alt="Nikhil Rawal's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikhil-rawal&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-stats"><img alt="Nikhil Rawal's Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikhil-rawal&langs_count=8&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" /></a>
  <br/>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-readme-streak-stats">
        <img title="🔥 Get streak stats for your profile at git.io/streak-stats" alt="Nikhil Rawal's streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=nikhil-rawal&theme=black-ice&hide_border=true&stroke=0000&background=060A0CD0"/>
    </a>
</p>

<br/>

<!--

<td colspan="2" align="center">
      <details open><summary>For a user or an organization</summary><img src="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.introduction.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>For a repository</summary><img src="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.introduction.repository.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <img width="900" height="1" alt="">
    </td> 
    
    <br/>
    
    <tr>
    <td colspan="2" align="center">
      <details open><summary>PageSpeed scores</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>PageSpeed scores with detailed report</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.detailed.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <details><summary>PageSpeed scores with a website screenshot</summary><img src="https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/blob/examples/metrics.plugin.pagespeed.screenshot.svg" alt=""></img></details>
      <img width="900" height="1" alt="">
    </td>
    
    -->
    
<br/>

## Connect with me:
<p align="left">
<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhil-rawal/"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/48/000000/linkedin.png"/></a>
<a href = "https://www.instagram.com/nnikhil.rrawal/"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluent/48/000000/instagram-new.png"/></a>
</p>

<br/>

## ❤ Views and Followers
<a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal/github-profile-views-counter">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nikhil-rawal&color=brightgreen&style=flat&label=MY+PROFILE+VIEWS">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/nikhil-rawal?tab=followers">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/nikhil-rawal?label=MY+GITHUB+FOLLOWERS&style=social&color=blue" alt="GitHub Badge">
</a>
